[RUM-5001] add documentation for `sessionPersistence` (#27028)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/browser/setup/client.md

Options that must have matching configuration when you are using the Logs Browser SDK:

`sessionPersistence`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `"cookie" | "local-storage"`<br/>
**Default**: `"cookie"`<br/>

> Which storage strategy to use for persisting sessions. Can be either 'cookie' or 'local-storage'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which storage strategy to use for persisting sessions. Can be either `cookie` or `local-storage`.
```

Options that must have matching configuration when you are using the Logs Browser SDK:

`sessionPersistence`
: Optional<br/>
**Type**: `"cookie" | "local-storage"`<br/>
**Default**: `"cookie"`<br/>

> Which storage strategy to use for persisting sessions. Can be either 'cookie' or 'local-storage'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Which storage strategy to use for persisting sessions. Can be either `cookie` or `local-storage`.
```
